Départ de Sentier General Assembly, 27.05.2025

	• Location: online
	• Participants:
	Chris (Board member)
	Tomas (Board member)
	Karin (Board member)
	Manuel (Board member)
	Joao (Board member)
	Marc

	• Start: 16:05

	• Checking the quorum: DdS has 37 paying members plus 6 board members. According to the statuses of DdS, the General Assembly shall consitute a quorum regardless of the number of members present. The GA thus has reached the quorum
	• The GA was announced more than 21 days before the 27.05.2025 together with the agenda items. No proposals have reached the board from any member. 
	• The slides for this GA are available on https://github.com/Depart-de-Sentier/Legal/tree/main/General%20Assemblies/2025 and complement these meeting notes.

Agenda items:
	• Association goals: These were not elaborated as all participants are well familiar with DdS.
	• Role of the General Assembly was mentioned. 
	• Annual report:
		○ Brightcon: Hybrid was a success again. Physical participants were rather low due to late announcement.
		○ Schools: 
			§ Huge demand for beginners class: Beginner access needed for open sustainability assessment!
			§ Québec was a good experience to try to expand to other world regions, even if it was financially not successful
		○ Financial position:
			§ These numbers are not exact
			§ Outstanding invoice to Ademe so that payment of Euro 26k can happen
			§ Questions: 
				□ How much money is on the bank? Euro 27k. This means that by doing the payment for the programmer and the summer school no money is left, but we will receive money from Ademe.
			§ Financial report: Normally, the GA should receive the auditors' report and discharge the board. However, the finances could not yet be closed and audited for the last year. 
			It is suggested (see also agenda point further down) to have a second extraordinary GA later this year where the financial discharge can happen. The statuses say that the board of directors or 20% of the members can at any time request the convening of an extraordinary GA.
		○ Expanding possibilities (as discussed in last GA, DdS wants to become a more active organisation)
			§ Grant from Ademe: 1 software engineer needed. They pay us once we will show them a result => cash needed to pay engineer before we receive their money.
			§ H2020 project: Additional staff needed to do all the work.
			§ Management position is now really needed because the people on the board cannot dedicate enough time.
		○ Board:
			§ Manuel Klarmann, Mélanie Douziech, Joao Goncalves (elected until 2027)
			§ Chris Mutel, Tomás Navarrete, Karin Treyer (need re-election)
				□ The election was done for each single person by show of hands. The board member which is voted for abstains from voting.
				□ Chris: 5 votes
				□ Tomas: 5 votes
				□ Karin: 5 votes
	• The board suggests to move the date of the General Assebmly from spring to fall, together with Brightcon
		○  We could have 2 GAs in 2025 by suggesting an extraordinary GA by the board.
	• Outlook:
		○ Summer school
		○ Brightcon: Hosted by CEA in Grenoble/online. We will have hackathon, classes and the conference during one week. The date was pushed later in the year in order not to conflict with LCM.
		○ Autumn School: pushed to November because of Brightcon. 22 applications already out of 30.
		○ Hiring of DdS director: Tasks have to be formulated, but potentially include the following: Contributing data; do organisational/management work; community management; funding streams. Goal: Make our DdS engine work more smoothly and open up new possibilities.
	• Questions / discussion points?
		○ What do we expect until end of the year?
			§ Vocabulary (taxonomy): Work has already been done by Cauldron for DdS. More work to follow.
		○ Board needs to find funding model, looking for opportunities/grants

The GA was closed at 16:32.
