# DdS Board Meeting

Tomas, Chris, Karin; March 30, 2022; Online

## Rooms

* Rooms at Bellevaux campus (LIST, University, other building)
* LIST: ugly, for up to 100 persons. Workshops will in any case be there.
* Amphitheater at university: 200 persons. We will only know in June if we can have it.
* List will be sponsoring in any case the room, maybe also the food. Or the attendees will pay for the food. So no budget for this
* Maximum number of people for the training: 
		○ Maybe two tracks of training => two rooms (advanced/beginners)
			§ Chris/Tomás: co-teach advanced. Deep-dive into hw BW 2.5 works, linking to new databases
			§ Ben: co-teach beginners. Maybe have CML people teach activity browser => this should be integrated in the beginners course
			§ Both using an actual database


## Gift
Gift: Home air quality measurement to build oneself. Invite someone from those who designed the intial open source thing as keynote speaker. But: if humidity >70% there are droplets => quality of measurement goes down. 
 * Not CO2, as re-calibration is needed
*  T, humidity and PM <2.5
* PCB layout. Chris could print
* Microcontroller: you can buy it as the chip or in a package.

## Finances, payments
* Hackathon should be free, workshops people paying more than their cost, conference is the balance
* Workshop could be 300.- including the conference; and then an individual fee for conference => Two kinds of tickets: Training+conference // conference // I cannot pay.
* Eaternity: Grant with BW2 included (25'000.-) for coding, autumn school
* Payment: Are we able to process credit cards etc.? No. => agreement with LIST who would do invoicing. => make agreement. If there is money left at the end. They will give it to DdS. If there are losses, we need to engage 50:50 at least. => Agreement signed by DdS (Chris/Karin), LIST, and Tomas as person in charge
* Do we want to make benefit? Or people just pay to cover expenses
* Primary source of money should be donations and membership fees
		○ People could pay for a month of webpage or similar.
		○ Ask people when they pay for the conference if they want to pay some 15.- extra as donation. Or become member. => can we run this over the LIST payment system? => we ask them for membership, not  
* Membership fee:
		○ 25.- students, 50.- others
		○ For Revolut: DdS needs a Handelsregisternummer. 
		○ We need to know our running costs/year, and expected member number.
		○ We can give honory membership


## Decisions, conclusions
* Make conference cost neutral

## Action items, open issues
* Date, place, call for presentations. High-level peer review committee will evaluate
* Chris: put together call for abstracts, DdS description, budget 
* Organise prices

